I'm taking the Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate throught Coursera
I'm currently in the Data Analysis with R Programming course and 
I can't pass the Course Challenge.
Can someone help me?
I've answered 10 of the 13 questions
But can't get the other 3.
If I get just one of them correct
I will pass.
Any help is greatly appreciated - even if you just point me toward getting the correct answer(s) myself!

Here are the 3 questions I can't figure out.

As part of the data science team at Gourmet Analytics, you use data analytics to advise companies in the food industry. 
You clean, organize, and visualize data to arrive at insights that will benefit your clients. 
As a member of a collaborative team, sharing your analysis with others is an important part of your job. 
Your current client is Chocolate and Tea, an up-and-coming chain of cafes. 
 
The eatery combines an extensive menu of fine teas with chocolate bars from around the world. 
Their diverse selection includes everything from plantain milk chocolate, to tangerine white chocolate, to dark chocolate with pistachio and fig. 
The encyclopedic list of chocolate bars is the basis of Chocolate and Tea’s brand appeal. Chocolate bar sales are the main driver of revenue. 
Chocolate and Tea aims to serve chocolate bars that are highly rated by professional critics. 
They also continually adjust the menu to make sure it reflects the global diversity of chocolate production. 
The management team regularly updates the chocolate bar list in order to align with the latest ratings and to ensure 
that the list contains bars from a variety of countries. 
They’ve asked you to collect and analyze data on the latest chocolate ratings. 
In particular, they’d like to know which countries produce the highest-rated bars of 
super dark chocolate (at least 80% cocoa). This data will help them create their next chocolate bar menu. 
Your team has received a dataset that features the latest ratings for thousands of chocolates from around the world. 
Click here to access the dataset. Given the data and the nature of the work you will do for your client, your team agrees to use R for this project. 


Question 6
Scenario 1, continued
Next, you select the basic statistics that can help your team better understand the ratings system in your data. 
Assume the first part of your code chunk is: trimmed_flavors_df %>% 
Write the remainder of the code chunk that allows you to determine the maximum rating for your data. Type your answer below.

Question 7
Scenario 1, continued
After completing your analysis of the rating system, you determine that any rating 
equal to or greater than 3.9 can be considered a high rating. 
You also know that Chocolate and Tea considers any bar that contains at least 75% cocoa to be super dark chocolate. 
You decide to use code to find out which chocolate bars meet these two conditions. 
Assume the first part of your code chunk is: best_trimmed_flavors <- trimmed_flavors_df %>% 
Write the remainder of the code chunk that allows you to filter the data frame for chocolate bars 
that contain at least 80% cocoa and have a rating of at least 3.9 points. Type your answer below.

Question 9
Now that you’ve cleaned and organized your data, you’re ready to create some useful data visualizations. 
Your team assigns you the task of creating a series of visualizations based on requests from the Chocolate and Tea management team. 
You decide to use ggplot2 to create your visuals. 

Your bar chart reveals the locations that produce the highest rated chocolate bars. 
To get a better idea of the specific rating for each location, you’d like to highlight each bar with a different color. 
Assume that you are working with the code chunk: ggplot(data = best_trimmed_flavors_df) + geom_bar(mapping = aes(x = Company.Location)) 
Rewrite the existing code chunk so that each bar has a fill color based on its rating. Type you answer below.

